Raft/fix raft telemetry metric unit (#13749)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/13749.txt

```release-note:bug

> physical/raft: Fix units being reported for bolt metrics from nanoseconds to milliseconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
storage/raft: Units for bolt metrics now given in milliseconds instead of nanoseconds
```
